Do not re-distribute Zyn-Fusion or deriviates of it
Use it at your own risk
One person can use it on multiple computers

=======  Zyn-Fusion End User License Agreement

This copy of zyn-fusion, including 'libzest.so' and 'zyn-fusion', is licensed and not sold.
Please read the following terms and conditions carefully before using "zyn-fusion".
By installing or distributing this copy of "zyn-fusion", the Licensee ("you" or "your")
accept and agree to be bound by the terms of this License. If you do not agree to any
of the terms of this License, you must not install or distribute "zyn-fusion".

The distribution of zyn-fusion includes a binary 'glpsol' from GLPK and it contains binaries
'zynaddsubfx' 'ZynAddSubFX.so', 'ZynAddSubFX_ui.so', as well as data files 'schema/test.json',
all presets '.xiz'/'.xmz' and ttl files from ZynAddSubFX.
These components are covered separately in COPYING.GLPK and
COPYING.ZynAddSubFX (GPLv3 and GPLv2+ respectively).

SOFTWARE PRODUCT here means the files 'libzest.so' and 'zyn-fusion' received with your
order of "zyn-fusion".

This SOFTWARE PRODUCT may be installed on multiple computers only if A) all such computers
are your personal property, and B) no more than one installation is in use at any one time.

This SOFTWARE PRODUCT, all accompanying files, data and materials, are distributed "AS IS"
and with no warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. The user must assume all
risk of using this SOFTWARE PRODUCT. This disclaimer of warranty constitutes an essential
part of the agreement.

Any liability of Mark McCurry will be limited exclusively to refund of purchase price.
In addition, in no event shall Mark McCurry, or its principals or employees, be liable
for any incidental, consequential, punitive or any other damages whatsoever relating
 to the use of SOFTWARE PRODUCT.

All components accompanying this SOFTWARE PRODUCT are copyrighted by Mark McCurry,
and may not be published, distributed or copied in any manner. Mark McCurry is the owner
of the copyright of this SOFTWARE PRODUCT. All of its derivatives, title and accompanying
materials are the exclusive property of Mark McCurry. All rights of any kind, which are
not expressly granted in this License, are entirely and exclusively reserved
to and by Mark McCurry. You may not rent, lease, transfer, translate, or create derivative
works based on this SOFTWARE PRODUCT. You may not distribute modifications to this SOFTWARE
PRODUCT, except for the modifications described in the accompanying documentation. You may
not make access to this SOFTWARE PRODUCT available to others in connection with a service
bureau, application service provider, or similar business.
There are no third party beneficiaries of any promises, obligations or representations made by
Mark McCurry herein.

If any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder
of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. To the extent any express or implied
restrictions are not permitted by applicable laws, these express or implied restrictions shall
remain in force and effect to the maximum extent permitted by such applicable laws.

